"Can't you feel it's pain?"

You can cringe. You know you want to. But as a six year old, I was deeply moved by this line in FernGully: The Last Rainforest. It was a story that led me down two paths.

Listen to the forest. 

Then, choose from the following:

What led me to the forest...
What led me to writing...

Even though I know now that I won't feel the red sting when I put my hand on a cut down tree like Crysta did in the film, the idea of the forest as something that was not only alive but demanded respect and preservation has stayed with me 25 years later. 

I grew up with a backyard, but nowhere near a forest. The closest thing I got was a rare trip to a botanical garden. But stories about forests or set inside them, such as Once Upon a Forest or the Princess and the Goblin continued to enchant me growing up.

While my career path has led me down a distinctly technological route, my personal interests have gone more natural. I follow an animistic faith where many of our rituals take place in natural settings and I have a continued interest in using plants as medicine.

Head back down the two paths.

I fell in love with writing around the same time I fell in love with the forest. I began writing short stories in my journals as a child while I imagined living and communing with the fairies. 

Writing is a daily activity both in and outside of work. I write and produce a relationships advice column and podcast and have written articles in places like The Independent, INTO, The Establishment and other publications, usually covering trans and disability issues, which you can see in my Journo portfolio. Deadlines are a positive motivator for me.

My love of telling stories led me to my current work as a digital project manager, where I help plan projects that use digital to tell our best stories to get people interested in our charity in the most innovative way possible.

That's what's led me to using this format, Twine, which has been used by the BBC to build the popular Bandersnatch episode. It's a dynamic format that allows to user to make different decisions and, thus create an interactive story.

I've used Twine to build some interactive tools, one about isolation and another encouraging people to volunteer, but I'd love to combine my love for writing to build an interactive story that changes depending on the path you take in the forest.

Outside of writing professionally, I've written eight novels and multiple short stories, one novel I self-published on Amazon and a short story published in a small anthology. I like to experiment with cross-genre stories and interactive storytelling is where I want my next project to go.

Head back down the two paths.

where the path leads now...

If given this opportunity, I will take what I know digitally to write something inspired by and set in the forest that allows people to choose their own path within in it, growing and changing as the forest does. 

I want my story to cross genres. I've written fantasy stories set in traditional forests as well as science fiction stories set in digital forests, where trees double as computers. But most of all, I want to bring people into the setting.

Having this opportunity would mean the world to me. My characters have and will reflect my own voice and experience, growing up working class, being agender, being disabled, immigrating and coping with mental health struggles. Because I lacked characters that reflected my identity, I know how important it is to have them in media.

This pitch explains both my interest in and demonstrates how I will tell my story, meeting the limit of 700 words. If given the chance, I know I can create something more than just a story, just as a forest is more than just trees: an experience to treasure.

Go into the forest again or download the full text.
