You're standing by a road, with your car parked just next to you, still warm from the trip. 

Stretched out on all sides is a thick, dark forest opening in front of you.

You decide to walk in through a small winding dirt path, tracing it's way through the trees.

After minutes of walking, you find yourself in a clearing, and you notice a person dressed in black sitting on a large, comic looking mushroom.

You walk up to them.

You ask:


Who the heck are you?

I'm Lola Phoenix. For my day job, I'm a Digital Project Manager for a charity and I've been working in digital for seven years. I majored in English: Creative Writing and Journalism at university and I've been a writer since before I can remember.

You nod and then you say.



What kind of stuff do you write?

I've written a lot of different things. I write professionally and produce digital content for clients. I've written articles about myself and other issues for Broadly, The Independent, The Establishment, and more you can see on my Journo Portfolio. I also write a bi-weekly relationships advice column too.

Fiction wise, I've written poetry zines, published my own short novella on Amazon, published a short novel on WhatPadd, and of course, had my try at fanfiction. I've participated and won National Novel Writing Month for six years. I've written seven books and multiple short stories.

My newest project is interactive fiction.

I've built a couple of interactive stories or games for work: one about volunteer, one about social isolation, and one trying to help folks figure out how to apply for care that's yet to be published.

This is all well and good, but I want more.

As the recent popularity of Bandersnatch from Black Mirror shows, interactive entertainment is the way of the future. And the program I used to build this little story for you, is what they used to build Bandersnatch.

I want to build something interesting and similar that's set in the forest that explores all of the things I love about it -- and makes people interested in what it has to offer. All I need is a chance to make it.

You nod and then you say.



What's with this forest?


Isn't it great? I love it. But I don't often get the chance to visit forests. I've spent the last seven years immigrating to the UK and much of my finances have been caught up in getting visas.

There are a few nice writers retreats and some great cabin in the woods options, but they tend to be out of my price range. I've got to visit and stay in one forest -- Sherwood Forest -- and I want to go back, especially if I can write something immersed in that surroundings.

Several of the books I've written involve forest settings -- one particularly involves an animal kingdom set in the forest -- but I want to write something new, interactive and interesting in this fantastic setting.


Is that all?

As per the application, all of the text available meets the 700 word limit (574 words to be exact), but if you need to download the full text for any reason you can.

This is just an example of something I can do. With the help of this award, I could do a lot more. 

If you have any other questions, feel free to tweet me at @TheirNameIsLola.

Thanks. :)
